It’s Shore Clean

A Professional Residential Cleaning Company
Call 410-271-2444 for a FREE in home estimate today!
 
Contact Information:

Gaye Galvin
410-271-2444
ggalvin@itsshoreclean.com
Call Monday-Friday 9-5pm
Licensed, Bonded, and Insured

Cancellation Policy:
$30.00 cancellation fee with less than 24 hour notice

Buttons:

Home: 

Welcome!
It’s Shore Clean is a locally owned and operated professional cleaning service that provides a full range of services for your home. Whether you would like a la carte cleaning routine, scheduled service or anything in between, we’ve got you covered! 
We know there is nothing like coming home to a clean, comfortable home which is why we promise to provide you with thorough, dependable, and complete service. We work with you to customize our services to suit your individual needs and will accommodate special requests to make sure every last detail is picture-perfect. 
Simply Email or Call me for a FREE in home estimate!
Our Office hours are: Monday-Friday 9-5pm


Services:

We provide a full-range of cleaning services that are thorough, consistent and customized. If you would like to request a special service, just let us know! We are happy to fulfill every request in order to make everything from top to bottom, sparkle and shine.


All Rooms

We will dust picture frames, knickknacks, lamps, ceiling fans, shelves, windowsills, blinds, and baseboards. We will remove cobwebs, wipe down table tops, vacuum furniture, including under any cushions, and empty and clean wastebaskets. We will finish each room by vacuuming, washing and drying all floors. 


Bathrooms

We will clean and scrub tile walls, bathtubs, showers, and sinks. Countertops, backsplashes, basins and the surrounding areas will be wiped down and sanitized. Mirrors and chrome fixtures will be cleaned and shined. Toilets will be thoroughly scrubbed and sanitized. Doors and frames wiped down. We will finish the room by vacuuming, washing and drying all floors. 


Kitchen

As the main room of the house, the kitchen will get special attention. We clean and sanitize the sink, backsplashes, small and large appliances, countertops, the stovetop and cabinets. We clean the microwave inside and out and wipe down blinds, window sills, door frames. We finish the room by vacuuming, washing and drying the floors. 


Bedrooms

We will remove cobwebs, dust window sills, blinds, baseboards, and all open surfaces. We clean hanging picture frames, mirrors, and furniture. We will finish the room by vacuuming, washing and drying all accessible floors. 


Economy House Cleaning

Two bathrooms and kitchen cleaned. This is a fixed fee, the fee will be higher if a clean beyond 3 hours is required.


A La Carte Services

Refrigerator cleans, Oven cleans, Lawn furniture clean up and store. Spring and fall cleanings. Before and after party cleans, move in and move out cleans. If you have a specials request, just ask! We will happily accommodate your cleaning needs if we are able.


Quarterly Cleans

One full detailed clean per quarter. Quarters are scheduled as follows: 
1st Quarter is January, February and March. 
2nd Quarter is April, May, June. 
3rd Quarter is July, August and September. 
4th Quarter is October, November and December. 
Prices are dependent on the home!


Contact Us:

Contact me for a FREE in Home Cleaning Estimate. If you are one of the many people looking for a cleaning service with fair prices, simply fill out the form below and click submit to obtain your free estimate on any of our cleaning services. 
Please provide any additional details that you feel will be of assistance in order to provide you with a more accurate estimate. 
The privacy of your information is of upmost importance and will not be shared.

Data Capture Form: http://www.itsshoreclean.com/contact-us.html

Gaye Galvin
410-271-2444
ggalvin@itsshoreclean.com
Call Monday-Friday 9-5pm
Licensed, Bonded, and Insured


About Us:

Excuse me, but your house called and it wants a bath!
Big life changes sometimes lead to the best ideas. When my job was phased out this year like most people I freaked out. The job search was never ending, unrewarding, and downright depressing. I asked myself, "What is it that I like to do"? Call me crazy, but I love to clean. I know right? So in July I decided to follow my passion and created Its Shore Clean. 
My joy is when you are happy with your clean home. I hope that by simply cleaning your home I can reduce stress and free up your time. I will work with you to prepare a list with any items you want cleaned and/or any areas you feel need extra attention in your home.
When scheduling your house cleaning estimate, I will ask for the approximate size of the home (in square feet), the number of bedrooms and baths you want cleaned, and whether or not you have any pets. This will help determine the extent of cleaning required. No two houses are the same so each quote is specific to your home and your needs. 
My "Customer Cleaning Sheet" lists all the items we discussed in estimating your home cleaning package. I want to ensure that you are happy with my cleaning service. My focus is your complete satisfaction.


Testimonials:

It’s Shore Clean – Referred for a Reason

We take pride in making your home your sanctuary.  Read about just a few of our satisfied clients:


“Great job! We had an initial appointment for our final house cleaning before closing. We had to reschedule closing a few times. Gayle, worked with us and did a great job. She was on time for our estimate and very professional the whole way through. I will strongly recommend Its Shore Clean to anyone. I will use again. Thank you!” – Steve O. Centreville, Maryland *****

“Fantastic job, everything was spotless!! Very reasonably priced and a PLEASURE to deal with. Can't wait for our next cleaning!” – Jenn S. Centreville, Maryland *****

“Did a fantastic job on our house. Can't wait to have you back!!!” – Mike H. Centreville, Maryland *****

“They are reliable, affordable and did a very, very thorough job.” – Debi H. Baltimore, Maryland *****


Check out our Testimonials on Facebook! (Link to: https://www.facebook.com/itsshoreclean/reviews/)




